TODOs:
	1. Make the commander button user friendly.
		DONE. turn current commander off when  clicking on other commander's commander button
	2. Implement 'Me-Based' experience.
		- details: 1 Player's name and details are located in the header and footer. Opponents are on mtg-table
		a. rework the way the me and opponent properties operate in player.service (and rest of app)
		b. unhide components in header and footer
		c. add commander and superpower buttons for me player
	3. Set up D? and Multi Rolls Tools
		DONE. Make input field for D? smaller.
		b. Set up repeat buttons for D? and Multi Rolls (fa-repeat) (simulate the current function of the other buttons. clicking on the button makes the function repeat)
		c. Set up clear (cancel) buttons for D? and Multi Rolls (fa-ban)
	4. Input fields auto save when lose focus
	5. Multi Button rolls a die or flips a coin for each player on the board.
		a. step one. click multi. step 2 click the roll you want. multi then makes a modal pop up over each player's name.
		b. set up so that a modal pops up for each playerCard.
	6. Set up a true custom roll after multi
	7. Set up firebase authentication
		a. allow login through Google, App Credentials, & Facebook (Google Setup)
	8. Set up firebase database
		a. players logged into current game show up as watching. able to drag player to unoccupied playercard


Notes from use of app (6/8/2017)
	1. Made a mistake by leaving commander activated for a player and distributed wrong amounts of commander damage.
		a. Possible Solutions: 
			1. Make Commander selected CSS more visible to help prevent mistake.
			2. Keep a record of damage dealt in a console log ... would make it easier to see last changes and counteract them.
			3. Create a rollback function. Save a snapshot of life totals every five minutes or so and provide a way to reset life totals to the last snapshot.
	2. Somehow an extra 'Jesse Matherne' character was added after a game had already started. Happened several times.
		a. Possible Solutions: 
			1. Could demonstrate an error in how players are added to the player array. 
				a. Check for player id before adding player to player array.
			2. Could demonstrate accidental press of Add Player button. 
				a. Institute easy way to limit number of players.
				b. Move Add Player button.
				c. Add confirmation screen for add player.
	3. Had to physically reset the website for quickest way to reset life totals. 
		a. Add reset button that creates new game and resets life totals.
	4. Screen would shut off. Is there a way for a website to override this.
	5. Distributing Commander Damage was confusing at times because I would select the attacking character first and then select who was being attacked. Maybe add arrows showing the direction of damage.
